Earlier today, I sent a message to my team to thank them for the awesome work they do, and to remind them of why their work is so important.
 
I thought I'd share this with you, too, because...
 
1. Everyone we help is part of our family, and we do everything together.
 
2. It's equally important for you to remind yourself each day of why you're trying to improve your English so you remain on the journey and get fluent faster.
 
(Nothing is worse for an English learner than to repeatedly begin and quit learning.)
 
Here's what I sent:
 

I just wanted to send out an email to say a quick word about why what you all do is so important. 

Each one of you helps with a piece of the puzzle, and you each do your part much better than I can. But focus often makes people lose sight of why they do what they do, so it's my job to let you all know just how important you are. 

People come to us not just to learn how to speak a language... They're here to change their lives. 

We often forget just how lucky we are that we speak the world's language fluently. So it's important to remember the struggles and goals of those we help. 

English fluency really does mean "life" for many people around the world who want to connect with others using the world's language, or improve their professional career in an international marketplace, or just be able to speak confidently with those who only speak English in their local communities. 

The world can feel lonely sometimes, and it's worse if you can't express how you feel, in even simple language, when you have to speak English. 

What you do is so important because with each vocabulary word, video and message of encouragement, our learners move a bit closer to their goal of fluency so they can achieve the life of freedom we enjoy. 

The world really is open to us because we can command the English language, so helping others reach our level is important and honorable work. 

When you go from barely speaking to delivering a powerful presentation confidently in front of your co-workers, or from not understanding an English movie at all to being able to understand all of the jokes and cultural references - and without subtitles - you gain the confidence to do so much more. 

I'm so proud to work with all of you because you personally are making it possible for someone to get a promotion... for someone to speak in English with their grandchildren in English over Skype... for someone to get their first job in an English-speaking environment... for someone to communicate accurately and confidently with English-speaking customers... for someone over 80 whose doctor advised them to learn a language to keep their mind active... and countless more. 

So you should be very proud of what you do, too. 

I can't say thank you enough to all of you for helping me with this mission to make the English language accessible to anyone, and I look forward to working with you into the future. 

Our learners appreciate what you all do very, very much, and so do I! :)
 
 
I encourage you to take a moment each day to remember why you're learning English.
 
There are a lot of things you can spend your time doing each day, but learning to communicate fluently in the world's language is one of the best.
 
Remember that your mission is valuable and you will reach your goals much faster!
 
The greatest work my team does is on our Master English Conversation monthly lesson sets.
 
If you haven't yet tried the program, it would be our great pleasure to help you improve with these unique lessons.
 
They're guaranteed to help you get fluent if you just follow the simple steps each month...
 
And we'll be right here with you each day as you learn.
 
To learn more about this powerful video program, click here and begin learning today.
 
However you learn, my whole team is glad to be a part of your fluency journey! :)

Drew
Your English Fluency Guide
